fix: migrate presentations verify tutorial (#219)
w3c-ccg/traceability-interop: docs/tutorials/presentations-verify/README.md

> This tutorial will be picking up where the Presentations Exchange Tutorial left off; the quickest way to get set up to work on this tutorial is to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial picks up where the Presentations Exchange Tutorial left off; the quickest way to get set up to work on this tutorial is to —
```
